before we get into the next action in
there I've asked Jerry Jarrett to come
out Jerry thanks for coming it's been a
long time in the know you don't
particularly care to come out here but
we've gotten into a situation that I
find to be disturbing and boy I'll tell
you the situation I'm talking about is
that Hart's first family to stop on it
nothing they jump in there and the thing
that really has got me is the way they
jumped on Eddie Marlin and and beating
on the promoter and when I've got up in
the ring when the Eddie got hurt in
there and looked at those I and I tell
you it really worried me and it's a
concern that the first family Jerry just
seems to be getting away with anything
they want they just seem to want to do
anything and get away with yeah Lance
for when I was doing the the actual
matchmaking the promoter has a
complicated situation no doubt I mean he
he's constantly trying to please the
fans and try to book whom they want a
delegation
everybody's you know we want to do more
than listen what we wanted to do since
you've got him out here this is a golden
opportunity that we wanted to talk to
you too and of course we've talked with
Eddie
the situation with not Neidhart a lot of
these guys any guys that's in Harts
family that thinks they can just run in
and interfere in everybody's match as
you said Lance has gotten completely out
of hand now you know I talked to a lot
of the wrestling fans and they nobody
likes it nobody wants to pay their
hard-earned money come to see the
wrestling match and see every match
ended in a disqualification which is
what a guy like night heart is causing
they want to they want to go to match
they want to see who's the better man
see who's the winner and who's the loser
not every match in a disqualification
like night art is causing and we just
think that you know used to there was a
way to settle this
they used to if somebody entered feared
in a match you'd find him $1,000 am i
right or not to find them $1,000 and the
way we look at it just on the last week
alone night Hart owes four thousand
dollars in fines is that right or not
yeah that's exactly right that's what I
was going to get into eighty called me
about the problem and he said night Hart
is here at the office and he's claiming
that that there is a rule as the
wrestlers come in they get a sheet of
Rouge and he says there is a rule that
says the wrestlers are fined $1,000 for
outside interference this room used to
be activated
we have since it's still a room but
we've just let it lay what he was
wanting Eddie to do was find you idle
Dutchman tail who wanted it at night
heart for because two weeks ago he
claims and rightly so that seven people
came to the ring well Eddie explained to
them that in his match with you Tommy
and Eddie that seven people came well
the match got out of hand and Eddie
asked Lawler and Men tail and an idol to
save them that's right to help restore
or exactly you're going to be lined us
for that no we didn't find you already
didn't and the reason was is that he
requested will not
tark night hearts point was whether
somebody sends them or whether they come
on their own it's still outside
interference you what it boils down to
is what are we going to do about it I
mean how you going to stop at York like
night all about it is effective today
right now and all rustlers fall in the
same category whether they're sent or
whether they go on their own it's $1,000
fine if you step into the ring in a
match that you're not booked in mm and
that that rule is instituted for
everybody so Jerry I don't know how well
you like all these fellas out here but
if you cut if you interfere in their
match no matter what the situation is
it's $1,000 fine we have to restore the
order is it going to be worth $1,000
well I like them fine but not $1,000
worth I don't think I like them that
much that's that's fine with me
I don't interfere in somebody's match
unless I'm you know unless Eddie Marlin
asked me to go in and help somebody or
something like that but I just want it
to be where Neidhart you know I want to
deterrent to a guy like Knight heart and
I think $1,000 would uh are you hearing
that Jimmy Hart and Jim Neidhart and all
that's the new rule and as the negative
right today okay Gary I appreciate that
thank you guys
a little clarification and and Jerry put
it right there hola so upset and I came
away from the particular incident that
we were talking about and saw they
irritated because Neidhart ruined every
match he just ruined every doggone match
out there well I've been running on here
what